now we're going to play with some glass
this is another product that can be used
very easily with the mask pen this size
paper that we've already done we're
going to use glass the most important
thing is you want to make sure it's your
glass is nice and clean I just use good
old Windex or whatever you're using an
else get a good and clean because you
don't want any of those fingerprints on
there then you can take your mass pen
and you can do whatever you want i'm
just going to actually write and because
you could use this for like a party or
something where everybody can have their
game on their class so i'm just going to
write my name on this class
it's just that simple and then I for
time purposes i have already gotten one
that is dry and ready to use then i'm
going to just do some simple etching
material that you can get at any hobby
store this particular one you're just
going to just slop on literally just
slop it on I actually want to do the
whole glass so I'm going to do the whole
class
also you could use this to decorate
other home decor things or even do
jewelry a lot of people are into jewelry
right now and you can use the glass
slides that are out and you can use
these edging glass or the math spin to
do different things on that with a pen
now this is just going to have to sit
and let do its thing etch for at least
five minutes we are now still waiting
for our etching cream to dry a little
bit but here's a couple ideas this one
is a slide mount idea that I was showing
you earlier and you can make jewelry out
of here is also a simple container that
I got at a 99-cent type store and
brought it home etched it put a candle
in it put a ribbon around it it's done
quick and easy so let's get back to our
glass that we're working on bringing
some water in here if you're at home you
can do this right underneath the sink it
doesn't need to be hot water or anything
just plain old water just take over
there and it's just going to come right
off for you and you'll notice when you
do this that the mask pen usually comes
right off in the water also and if it
doesn't you just peel it afterwards but
looks like most of mine is going to come
off there just a little more
this bowl right out of our way think and
dry the glass up and as you dry it
you'll notice that the etching starts to
really start showing up can see the name
coming in really nicely there